Welcome to the preview version of stillOS :).
This read me contains important information about what you may want to test out.

We are trying to build the first distribution of Linux you can install on a
non-technical person's computer without worrying about it.

We do this using bootc technology that uses container technology to make updates
a lot more reliable. The read-only file system also has security benefits
preventing both accidental and malicious damage to the root file system.

stillCenter is our software store. Apps are curated to make sure only high
quality apps that work well on stillOS's Wayland/ReadOnly system are accepted on
the store. This preview build does only have a few apps curated, but our team
will be going through all of Flathub by the time stillOS leaves it's preview
stages. We also aim for stillCenter to be the fastest software center, and we're
close, although there is some lag in the search we need to fix.

SWAI is our electron-based runtime for treating web apps like desktop apps. This
helps us bridge the Linux app compatibility issue by utilizing web apps like
Microsoft Office Web. To test this out, I recommend installing "Excalidraw" from
stillCenter as that is an app listed that does not require a login. More SWAI
apps will be listed on stillCenter shortly!

stillCenter is our tool for customizing GNOME. The goal is to make customizing
the layout of GNOME as easy as KDE by integrating with popular extensions behind
the scenes. There's also a Zorin OS style layout switcher to check out.

There are a LOT OF BUGS in this preview, there will be new bug fixes daily for
in the coming weeks leading up to the full release. These updates should apply
automatically when you reboot, but if you want to manually trigger updates, run
'sudo bootc upgrade'

Outside of all of these features, we are putting a lot of work into just general
polish of the distribution, so if there's anything you find missing let us know.

WE WANT FEEDBACK!!!
This is a preview, and we want stillOS to become the ultimate Linux experience.
Please email any bugs you find, or ideas you have to my personal email at
cameron@stillhq.io. I will be reading every single email.

Feel free to also join the Discord: https://discord.gg/acCwx45Vr9

Thanks so much for trying out stillOS :) ! We hope you enjoy this modern take on
a Linux distribution. I personally have been working on this preview build for
2 years and I am now working on getting a team behind it!

- Cameron Knauff
Lead Developer
